[Outlook] Refresh articles (#5756)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/extension-module-outlook-add-ins.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Develop the add-in using an add-in only manifest. The [unified manifest for Microsoft 365](../develop/json-manifest-overview.md) doesn't support module extensions.
```

---
title: Module extension Outlook add-ins

> description: Learn how to create a module extension add-in that adds a custom panel to the Outlook navigation bar, alongside Mail, Calendar, and Tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to create a module extension add-in that adds a custom panel to the Outlook navigation bar, alongside modules like Mail, Calendar, and Tasks.
```

Author: Updating "apps" to "modules" for clarity.

ms.date: 05/06/2026
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ai-usage: ai-assisted
---

# Module extension Outlook add-ins

> A module extension add-in lets you surface a custom panel in the Outlook navigation bar, alongside Mail, Calendar, and Tasks. Unlike standard message or appointment add-ins, a module extension isn't tied to a specific mail item. You can use it to embed business tools or external data within Outlook so your users don't need to switch applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module extension add-in lets you surface a custom panel in the Outlook navigation bar, alongside modules like Mail, Calendar, and Tasks. Unlike standard message or appointment add-ins, a module extension isn't tied to a specific mail item. You can use it to embed business tools or external data within Outlook so your users don't need to switch applications.
```

> - If the user has compact navigation selected, the navigation bar has an icon that shows an extension is loaded.
>
>   :::image type="content" source="../images/outlook-module-navigationbar-compact.png" alt-text="Icons of the modules and add-ins displayed in a compact navigation bar.":::
> - If the user isn't using compact navigation, the navigation bar displays the name of the add-in.
>
>   :::image type="content" source="../images/outlook-module-navigationbar-one.png" alt-text="The names of the modules and add-ins shown in an expanded navigation bar.":::

> > - If more than one add-in is loaded, the **Add-ins** option is displayed in the navigation bar. Select **Add-ins**, then choose the add-in you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If multiple add-ins are loaded, the **Add-ins** option is displayed in the navigation bar. Select **Add-ins**, then choose the add-in you want to use.
```
